instead of the usual selection of apples
and potatoes in the background you
actually have to see my girlfriend
melissa
she's rolling out dough on one
countertop and actually cooking the
dough into flat breads on the other
alas this is not a video about vegan
cuisine
normally when i do these videos all you
can see is a pile of potatoes
pile of potatoes over one shoulder and a
lonely apple or two over the other
shoulder there you go
but today you've got melissa in the
background who is rolling out
dough and then baking that dough into
loaves of flatbread you might say
however this is not a vegan cooking
channel i want to make a brief statement
about
materialism